Israeli forces have raided the largest
hospital in Gaza after weeks of Siege
and attacks on the complex the operation
on the alifa compound started in the
early hours after medical staff received
a warning call one doctor recorded his
call with the Israeli
Army the hallways are full of people all
floors of the hospital are full of
people from floor one through to six you
keep saying if this will create a
problem for you if you want to enter and
see yourself the hospital is full of
people the reception and surgery unit is
full of displaced people dialysis unit
is full of people delivery Radiology
Administration are empty in the burns
unit on the right side of the hospital
that's full of patients and full of
displaced people
too doctors reported scenes of chaos as
tanks moved inside the main gates
Israeli soldiers reportedly entered
buildings to search every room and
Corridor and interrogated doctors in
medical
staff before Communications were cut off
here's what one doctor told alzer it's
really horrible here it has been
continuous bombing and I've seen two
tanks getting in the gate the main gate
the Eastern Gate of shifa hospital and
they were inside shifa Hospital the you
know the the bombing and the shooting
you can hear in back ground didn't stop
at all sometimes it's really really very
very dense
so uh so again the hospital is full of
patients we have civilians within the
hospital Sheltering there are families
with kids with ladies and we have the
medical staff so imagine how scary is
that everyone here with the hospital the
Israeli Army Wars staff it would
investigate every building in person
inside the complex based on intelligence
information and an operational necessity
idea forces are carrying out a precise
and targeted operation against Hamas in
a specified area in the shifa hospital
since the war in Gaza began thousands of
people have taken shelter here that's in
addition to hundreds of staff and
doctors already in the facility the
military is reported to have told
everyone to gather in the courtyard
before being moved from the hospital but
many are afraid to move after some were
shot at when they tried to leave the
compound for weeks doctors have denied
isra claims that Al shifa hospital is
used by hamas's leadership to carry out
operations the Israeli government
released an animation it said supported
its claim but failed to provide any
proof that claim has also been repeated
by the US National Security Council
spokesman John Kirby but again not
substantiated the Israeli raid began
only hours after he made the
statement International humanitarian law
protects hospitals Israel says it
doesn't apply because Hamas Fighters use
alifer but that claims denied by the
armed Group Health authorities Hospital
staff and Witnesses in the hospital and
gaza's most vulnerable including dozens
of babies are struggling to survive as
even hospitals are not spared during
Israel's war on Gaza Sama bin Javed
alera